UAV Operator refresh (#4)
uagpmc/handbook: docs/3-advanced-techniques/9-uav-operator.md

### 3a. How to Manually Control your UAV

> The way you manually control your UAV depends on what type of UAV it is please refer to `...` to learn how to fly rotary and fixed wing aircraft, for UGVs they are driven just like normal vehicles and turrets the ED varriants have some special controls to controll the arm 'q and e' to go up and down and 'pg up and pg down' for forward and backward the ED varrients can also open and close doors using telekenisis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way you manually control your UAV depends on what type of UAV it is please refer to `...` to learn how to fly rotary and fixed wing aircraft, for UGVs they are driven just like normal vehicles, the turrets the ED variants have use special controls to operate the arm 'Q and E' for up and down while 'PG up and PG down' for forward and backward. The ED variants can also open and close doors using telekinesis.
```

Reviewer 2: change the end of this to all drones can open and close doors not just the ED variants

> ### 3c. How to Control your UAV Autonomously

Reviewer: Where 3b?

To control your UAV autonomously open your UAV terminal select the UAV you want to control and [**Shift+Left click**] that places a waypoint onto the map [**Right click**] the point and select your Type, Behavior, and Altitude and your UAV will rise to the set altitude and move to the position and proceed to do what type of operation you told it to do whether that be: loiter, move, land, etc.

## 4. Using the Camera

> Using the camera in a UAV is very similar to using a camera in other vehicles like the hunter. You use [**+**] and [**-**] on the numpad to zoom in and out, [**Left click**] to fire your equipped weapon, and [**CTRL+T**] to lock your camera onto one position. pretty damn simple tbh.

Reviewer 3: Maybe direct them to the Specific section in the Settings in Arma since some people have different controll presets and keyboards of a different language.

## 5. Uses of Special UAVs

### 5a. Seafox
The Seafox is an unmaned RHIB with a Bright "Yellow" compartment ontop for target practice and to confuse the enemy

> (All UAG Clones are born colour blind to the specific yellow that is used in the compartment paint operators will see it as orange. We use this specific yellow as it has hypnotic features to whoever sees it and causes them to be confused.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(All UAG Clones are born colour blind to the specific yellow that is used in the compartment paint, operators will see it as orange. We use this specific yellow as it has hypnotic features to whoever sees it and causes them to be confused.)
```

Reviewer 2: change the comma to a semicolon

> ### 5b. Ah6x Littlebird

Reviewer: AH6X should be capitalised to keep in line with table

> The Ah6x Littlebird is a little bird without a driver, thats it nothing else is changed we just threw some servos into the cockpit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AH6X Littlebird is a little bird without a driver, that's it nothing else is changed we just threw some servos into the cockpit.
```

Reviewer 2: This sentence is a bit odd when reading. I think splitting line 52 into two different sentences would flow much better.

### 5c. UGV Stomper

> The UGV Stomper is an unmaned ground vehicle that commonly comes with a 12.7mm auto cannon as well as a 40mm HE launcher this is commonly used as a scout vehicle for armadillo,

Author: also: "unmaned" -> "unmanned"

> The UGV Stomper is an unmaned ground vehicle that commonly comes with a 12.7mm auto cannon as well as a 40mm HE launcher this is commonly used as a scout vehicle for armadillo,

Reviewer: Automatic Grenade Launcher isn't a Terrible way of putting it either

> The UGV Stomper is an unmaned ground vehicle that commonly comes with a 12.7mm auto cannon as well as a 40mm HE launcher this is commonly used as a scout vehicle for armadillo,

Reviewer: It's a bit long winded but it does avoid all ambiguity in case the reader is not military inclined

> The UGV Stomper is an unmaned ground vehicle that commonly comes with a 12.7mm auto cannon as well as a 40mm HE launcher this is commonly used as a scout vehicle for armadillo,

Reviewer 2: Same thing here. Get rid of the comma and make it a full stop after grenade launcher.

do not confuse this vehicle with "Aldi" (Automated Logistics Drone) as that is an AI that sometimes comes with resupply and will steal operators if they arnt careful.

### 5d. ED-1D

> ED-1D is a small personal carry ground vehicle attached with a shotgun equipped with 00 buck and slugs used to "disarm" IEDs as well as shoot enemies

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ED-1D is a small personal carry ground vehicle attached with a shotgun equipt with 00 buck and slugs used to "disarm" IEDs as well as shoot enemies
```

no one knows what gauge shotgun this vehicle uses as it was sent down to us from the planet ED along with its brother ED-1E scientists are working hard to figure out who sent us these drones and why.

### 5e. ED-1E

> ED-1E is a small personal carry ground Vehicle attached with a sampiling laser and a biopsy probe used to gather data about unknown material.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ED-1E is a small backpack carried ground Vehicle attached with a sampling laser and a biopsy probe used to gather data about unknown material.
```
